{
    "goal": 131421,
    "rewardscount": 6, #optional
    "projectFAQsCount": 8, #optional
    "project_length_days": 30, #optional
    "preparation_days": 5, #optional
    "category_Web_Development": 1, #optional
    "story": (
        "Innovative Device is an ambitious project aimed at revolutionizing the Gadgets industry. While the concept behind Innovative Device was met with enthusiasm, we faced significant challenges in securing the necessary funding and resources. The journey has been filled with obstacles, ranging from supply chain issues to unexpected technical difficulties. Despite our best efforts, these setbacks delayed our timeline and affected our ability to bring Innovative Device to market at the scale we envisioned. Our hope was to introduce Innovative Device to the Gadgets market and make a meaningful impact. Although this campaign did not reach its goal, the feedback and support from our community have been invaluable. We will continue exploring alternative funding options and look forward to relaunching Innovative Device in the future with a stronger foundation."
    ),
    "risks": (
        "Launching Innovative Device in the field of Gadgets comes with its own set of challenges. One of the biggest concerns is ensuring that Innovative Device integrates seamlessly with existing Gadgets solutions. Compatibility issues may arise, requiring extensive testing and refinements before mass production. Additionally, sourcing high-quality components for Gadgets-specific hardware can be time-consuming and costly. Security is another major factor. Innovative Device will need to maintain strict data protection standards to ensure privacy and prevent cyber threats. The regulatory landscape for Gadgets is evolving, and ensuring compliance with industry standards is crucial for Innovative Device to be legally distributed in multiple markets. Our team is prepared to address these risks by implementing a robust quality control process, working closely with industry experts, and securing partnerships with reliable manufacturers to ensure a smooth launch."
    ),
}